{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\i\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f4 \sbasedon0\snext15 
heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li720\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 Normal indent;}}{\info{\title DOCE6WW6}{\author Word Development}{\operator luand}{\creatim\yr1995\mo9\dy14\hr16\min42}
{\revtim\yr1995\mo9\dy14\hr17\min55}{\version4}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords515}{\nofchars2941}{\*\company ms}{\vern57431}}\paperw31680\paperh31680\margl7200\margr8640\margt4320\margb5760\gutter1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\margmirror\prcolbl\hyphcaps0\fracwidth \fet0\sectd \lndscpsxn\linex0\headery360\footery360\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\widctlpar\box
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \shading2000 \f4\fs20 {\b\fs32 DOCE6WW7.BIN
\par }{\fs32 MS Word for Windows 95 version 7.0 Test file
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx10080 {\b\fs24 DOCE6WW7.BIN\tab Master Doc View: Largest Page Size: (22 X 22)
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx10080 {\b\fs24\ul 7/27/93\tab 
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx720\tx3168 {\b\fs24 
\par (View: Master Document)
\par }{\fs24 
\par }{\b\fs24 Margins:
\par }{\fs24 \tab top:3 inch\tab \tab bottom: 4 inch\tab 
\par \tab inside: 5 inch\tab \tab outside: 6 inch
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx720\tx3168 {\fs24 \tab Gutter: 0.6"
\par 
\par Header/Footer Dist from edge\tab \tab .25
\par Mirror Margins:\tab \tab On
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx720\tx3168 {\fs24 Page Dimensions:\tab \tab 22X22 custom
\par Orientation:\tab \tab Landscape
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard \sl440\slmult0\widctlpar {\fs44 
OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very large page and document size. OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. OK. This is a short b
lurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text 
area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very
 small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and d
ocument size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size.
\par OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very large page and document size. OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. OK. This is a short b
lurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. OK. This is a short blurb of f
ill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill 
out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document 
text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size.
\par OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very large page and document size. OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. OK. This is a short b
lurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and docume
nt size. OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This
 is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb
 of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size. . OK. This is a short blurb of fill text to fill out the document text area of this very small page and document size.
\par }\pard \sl440\slmult0\widctlpar {\fs44 
\par Fill text. The End.
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\b\fs24\cf13 <<EOF>>}
\par }